[Intro]
Bonjour, my name is Catherine Wilkie.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I knew I would work in the art industry since I was really young,
but the turning point, what really made me decide to start a career in graphic design, was during a trip I did in England.
I had the chance to visit the London Design Museum, where I saw on one of the wall
a gun and a wooden cast next to it, both created around the second world war.
Design can change lives, for the better or the worst.
Of course, creating a brand identity isn’t the same as designing a world-changing product,
but our goal is still to have a positive impact on this world, to hopefully make it better.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
Of all the Adobe softwares, my favorite is Photoshop. It was the first program I learned to use, before I even went into design.
I draw a lot with it, I do some photo-editing, and I also recently started doing frame by frame animation as well.
Obviously, my layout design wouldn’t be anything without InDesign, and my motion nothing without AfterEffect, so props to those as well.
[What is your favourite font? What font describes your personality?]
I’m a type geek. I love typography:
I love matching fonts, looking at their family, finicking with the kerning,
making some cool title with way too many text boxes.
Saying I have a favourite font would be like choosing my favorite siblings,—you can’t do that, right?
I think there is a good font for every project, may it be sans or with serif, cursive or even papyrus!
Well, if I really had to choose one, just for its look, it would probably be Lust, and its amazing ampersand.
Although, the font that best describes my personality would be the bold, fun, and structured Rokkitt,
that you can find on my website.
On this note, I hope I’ll see you there!
[Outro]